README.md, before:

# Readings

This repository is a collection of readings and other resources on software development, computer sciences and a few more related things.

## Design

- [The Wrong Abstraction](https://sandimetz.com/blog/2016/1/20/the-wrong-abstraction)
- [Falling Into The Pit of Success](https://blog.codinghorror.com/falling-into-the-pit-of-success/)
- [The WET codebase](https://www.deconstructconf.com/2019/dan-abramov-the-wet-codebase)
- [Object Calisthenics](https://williamdurand.fr/2013/06/03/object-calisthenics/)
- [Write code that is easy to delete, not easy to extend](https://programmingisterrible.com/post/139222674273/how-to-write-disposable-code-in-large-systems)
- [Ideology](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/ideology)
- [The Strangler Fig Application](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/StranglerFigApplication.html)

## Paradigms

### Object Oriented Programming

- [Object-Oriented Programming is Bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM1iUe6IofM) and [Object-Oriented Programming is Good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iyB0_qPvWk)

### Functional Programming

- [Curry and Function Composition](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/curry-and-function-composition-2c208d774983)

### Functional Core, Imperative Shell

- [Boundaries](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/boundaries)
- [Functional Core, Imperative Shell](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/screencasts/catalog/functional-core-imperative-shell)

## Languages

- [Learn X in Y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/)

### Go

- [Ben Johnson's Standard Package Layout](https://medium.com/@benbjohnson/standard-package-layout-7cdbc8391fc1)
- [Writing slower Go programs](https://bitfieldconsulting.com/golang/slower)
- [Go best practices, six years in](https://peter.bourgon.org/go-best-practices-2016/)
- [SOLID Go Design](https://dave.cheney.net/2016/08/20/solid-go-design)
- [A theory of modern Go](https://peter.bourgon.org/blog/2017/06/09/theory-of-modern-go.html)

## Back-end

- [Stratégie d’architecture API](https://blog.octo.com/strategie-d-architecture-api/)

## Front-end

- [In 2020, what is "frontend"](https://swizec.com/blog/in-2020-what-is-frontend/)
- [CSS Utility Classes and "Separation of Concerns"](https://adamwathan.me/css-utility-classes-and-separation-of-concerns/)

## General and random

- [Wat](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat)
- [Commits are snapshots, not diffs](https://github.blog/2020-12-17-commits-are-snapshots-not-diffs/)
- [Software development is a loser’s game](https://thehosk.medium.com/software-development-is-a-losers-game-fc68bb30d7eb)

Commit message:

Update: add Product insights section

README.md, after:

# Readings

This repository is a collection of readings and other resources on software development, computer sciences and a few more related things.

## Design

- [The Wrong Abstraction](https://sandimetz.com/blog/2016/1/20/the-wrong-abstraction)
- [Falling Into The Pit of Success](https://blog.codinghorror.com/falling-into-the-pit-of-success/)
- [The WET codebase](https://www.deconstructconf.com/2019/dan-abramov-the-wet-codebase)
- [Object Calisthenics](https://williamdurand.fr/2013/06/03/object-calisthenics/)
- [Write code that is easy to delete, not easy to extend](https://programmingisterrible.com/post/139222674273/how-to-write-disposable-code-in-large-systems)
- [Ideology](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/ideology)
- [The Strangler Fig Application](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/StranglerFigApplication.html)

## Paradigms

### Object Oriented Programming

- [Object-Oriented Programming is Bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM1iUe6IofM) and [Object-Oriented Programming is Good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iyB0_qPvWk)

### Functional Programming

- [Curry and Function Composition](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/curry-and-function-composition-2c208d774983)

### Functional Core, Imperative Shell

- [Boundaries](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/boundaries)
- [Functional Core, Imperative Shell](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/screencasts/catalog/functional-core-imperative-shell)

## Languages

- [Learn X in Y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/)

### Go

- [Ben Johnson's Standard Package Layout](https://medium.com/@benbjohnson/standard-package-layout-7cdbc8391fc1)
- [Writing slower Go programs](https://bitfieldconsulting.com/golang/slower)
- [Go best practices, six years in](https://peter.bourgon.org/go-best-practices-2016/)
- [SOLID Go Design](https://dave.cheney.net/2016/08/20/solid-go-design)
- [A theory of modern Go](https://peter.bourgon.org/blog/2017/06/09/theory-of-modern-go.html)

## Back-end

- [Stratégie d’architecture API](https://blog.octo.com/strategie-d-architecture-api/)

## Front-end

- [In 2020, what is "frontend"](https://swizec.com/blog/in-2020-what-is-frontend/)
- [CSS Utility Classes and "Separation of Concerns"](https://adamwathan.me/css-utility-classes-and-separation-of-concerns/)

## Product insights

- [Shape Up, Stop Running in Circles and Ship Work that Matters](https://basecamp.com/shapeup/webbook)

## General and random

- [Wat](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat)
- [Commits are snapshots, not diffs](https://github.blog/2020-12-17-commits-are-snapshots-not-diffs/)
- [Software development is a loser’s game](https://thehosk.medium.com/software-development-is-a-losers-game-fc68bb30d7eb)
